com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetOrders.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetOrders
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetStoredOrder.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetStoredOrder
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetStoredOrderResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetStoredOrderResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/FinalizeOrder.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.FinalizeOrder
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetStoredOrdersByPhoneNumber.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetStoredOrdersByPhoneNumber
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/package-info.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.package-info
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/SendOrder.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.SendOrder
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/FinalizeOrderResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.FinalizeOrderResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/OrderElement.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.OrderElement
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetAllStoredOrders.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetAllStoredOrders
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/SendOrderResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.SendOrderResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetUnfinishedOrders.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetUnfinishedOrders
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetStoredOrdersByPhoneNumberResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetStoredOrdersByPhoneNumberResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetAllStoredOrdersResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetAllStoredOrdersResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetUnfinishedOrdersResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetUnfinishedOrdersResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/ObjectFactory.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.ObjectFactory
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/Order.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.Order
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/InvoiceServlet.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.InvoiceServlet
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/GetOrdersResponse.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.GetOrdersResponse
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/PizzaShopWebService.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.PizzaShopWebService
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/webservicereference/PizzaShopService.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.webservicereference.PizzaShopService
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/TestMain.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.TestMain
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/InvoiceGenerator.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.InvoiceGenerator
com/macisdev/InvoicesServlet/ParserXML.java
 com.macisdev.InvoicesServlet.ParserXML
